[Music]
this is the Bally 4.3 loft it's very
spacious 43 foot catamaran with as you
can see this this huge very bright
open-plan layouts on the bridge deck
that just flows through from the galley
and nav station back to saloon area and
cockpit beyond that with an up and over
door that actually seals off the back
ends if you need to part of the reason
that there's so much space on the lower
deck is that this boat has fi bridge
from which all the main sail controls
are handled this nice comfortable padded
chair for the driver and the twin-engine
controls up here as well as well as the
base over here to seat another four five
six people even more if you want to this
forward cockpit area with the extensive
seating that you see here a whole stack
of sun beds plus provision for two
tables it's really quite impressive and
there are a few boats certainly you know
wanna help
and very few customer ends of this size
that can offer such a sociable feature
in this part of the boat
[Music]